c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Ocr7siu.dll.config
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Ocr7siu.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Ocr7siu.pdb
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\IronOcr.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\IronOcr.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\obj\Debug\Ocr7siu.dll
c:\users\regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\obj\Debug\Ocr7siu.pdb
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\obj\Debug\Ocr7siu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
C:\Users\Regulus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Ocr7siu\Ocr7siu\bin\ImageProcessor.xml
